Clarify interface stability (#691)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Contributing/Developer-Guide.rst

We will also adhere to some ROS-specific rules built on top of ``semver's`` full meaning:

* Major version increments (i.e. breaking changes) should not be made within a released ROS distribution.

  * Patch (interface-preserving) and minor (non-breaking) version increments do not break compatibility, so these sorts of changes *are* allowed within a release.

> * Packages for consecutive ROS distributions should have equal or consecutive major package versions.

Reviewer: > consecutive major package versions

I don't think this is possible. Assume a simple scenario:
* after version 1 is released in X development continues and
* at some point breaks API and therefore levels to version 2 and
* some time later it breaks API again and therefore has to level to version 3 and
* then it is time to create a release for distro Y which will be version 3.

Author: I guess I explained this pretty badly. I'll reword

>   * Major ROS releases are the best time to release breaking changes. If a core package needs multiple breaking changes, they should be merged into their integration branch (e.g. master) to allow catching problems in CI quickly, but released together to reduce the number of major releases for ROS users.

Reviewer: Nitpick: please follow the style guide - each sentence starting on a new line.

Same below.

Author: Done

  
* For compiled code, the ABI is considered part of the public interface. Any change that requires recompiling dependent code is considered major (breaking).

> * `Unlike semver <https://semver.org/#spec-item-4>`_, core packages in Dashing and Eloquent have the same stability guarantees despite both distributions being under version ``1.0.0``.

Reviewer 2: I know you didn't write this, but this was confusing to me at first.  It wasn't clear to me what `under` meant.  Maybe:

```suggestion
* `Unlike semver <https://semver.org/#spec-item-4>`_, Dashing and Eloquent have the same stability guarantees despite both distributions having core packages with version numbers less than ``1.0.0``.
```

> * Core packages in Dashing and Eloquent are *not* in their initial development phase. Despite SemVer <https://semver.org/#spec-item-4>`_, we enforce API stability, even though the major version component is `0`.

Reviewer: I would remove the phrase "not in their initial development phase" since it doesn't add anything to the point to be made.

Author: That's exactly the point to be made https://semver.org/#spec-item-4

> Major version zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything MAY change at any time. The public API SHOULD NOT be considered stable.

Are you sure you want me to remove this sentence?

Reviewer 3: "not in their initial development phase" doesn't add anything because you go on to point out that their major version component is 0, which means the same as "initial development phase".

> `Despite SemVer <https://semver.org/#spec-item-4>`_, we enforce API stability for core packages in Dashing and Eloquent, even though their major version components are `0`.

Or, to order the clauses logically:

> We enforce API stability for core packages in Dashing and Eloquent even though their major version components are `0`, despite `SemVer's specification <https://semver.org/#spec-item-4>`_ regarding initial development.

(if this is why this hasn't been merged yet)

Author: Thanks, @maryaB-osr! That's phrased much better!
